{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"source": "patents/US20230407336A1.pdf"}, "page_content": "Dec. 21, 2023\n\neach recipient cell, thus, some cells without enough mito- chondria transferred may cannot fully play their therapeutic functions. However, using the invented system, the mito- chondria transferred into each recipient cell is controlled, thus, the cells used for cell therapy can fully play their therapeutic functions.\n\n[0056] While the present disclosure has been described and illustrated with reference to specific embodiments thereof, these descriptions and illustrations are not limiting. It should be understood by those skilled in the art that various changes may be made and equivalents may be substituted without departing from the true spirit and scope of the present disclosure as defined by the appended claims. The illustrations may not necessarily be drawn to scale. There may be distinctions between the artistic renditions in the present disclosure and the actual apparatus due to manufacturing processes and tolerances. There may be other embodiments of the present disclosure which are not spe- cifically illustrated. The specification and the drawings are to be regarded as illustrative rather than restrictive. Modifica- tions may be made to adapt a particular situation, material, composition of matter, method, or process to the objective, spirit and scope of the present disclosure. All such modifi- cations are intended to be within the scope of the claims appended hereto. While the methods disclosed herein have been described with reference to particular operations per- formed in a particular order, it will be understood that these operations may be combined, sub-divided, or re-ordered to form an equivalent method without departing from the teachings of the present disclosure. Accordingly, unless specifically indicated herein, the order and grouping of the operations are not limitations.\n\nWhat is claimed is:\n\n1. A system for quantitative control of mitochondrial transfer based on droplet microfluidics, comprising:", "type": "Document"}}